Now that we have the node importance is let's calculate the feature importances.
So to summarize which feature is used to split at each node,
we can check the feature attribute,
and from here we can see that feature 0 was used to split on node 2,
feature 1 was used to split at node 0 and feature 2 was not used for splitting at all.
You can see there's no number 2 here.
Just to verify, so node 2 at 0, 1,
2 position 2, that's feature 0,
and then feature 1 was split at node 0.
So at position 0, you see number 1 right here.
So let's calculate the importance of the features.
The importance of a feature is the importance of the node that
was used for splitting divided by the total number of importances.
Calculate the importance of features 0, 1, and 2.
When you're done, we can double check it with scikit-learn.
So if we went to the documentation,
you can see that this attribute feature importances underscore,
is going to be a list that contains a feature importances for each of those features.
So once you double-check,
you'll want to see that the feature importance is that we calculated by hand
are the same ones that you see when you run the scikit-learn function.
Once you're done, please check out the solution video. Thanks.